Implement coverage for verilator (#1479)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/simulator_support.rst

    COCOTB_HDL_TIMEPRECISION = 1us # Set precision to 10^-6s

Coverage
--------

>  To enable coverage add Verilators coverage option(s) to the :make:var:`EXTRA_ARGS` make variable, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To enable HDL code coverage, add Verilator's coverage option(s) to the :make:var:`EXTRA_ARGS` make variable, for example:
```

 .. code-block:: make

     EXTRA_ARGS += --coverage

> .. versionadded:: 1.3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 1.3

Coverage
--------

To enable HDL code coverage, add Verilator's coverage option(s) to the :make:var:`EXTRA_ARGS` make variable, for example:

 .. code-block:: make

    EXTRA_ARGS += --coverage
     
This will result in coverage data being written to ``coverage.dat``.
```
